Here is my point of view.
Moving from a waterfall in Kanban will be a challenge.
It changes the way you do things and may cause conflict due to
the way people are used to doing their job.
I strongly recommend training so that your team will become more
comfortable with Kanban, and maybe even more importantly,
a coach or mentor to help shepherd the learning process
forward and answer any just in time questions.
There will be a transition time,
so be prepared and be patient. And will management buy
in? That's an important question.
We will address this question in a subsequent module titled
preparing for organizational challenges.
Kanban is all about delivering value to the customer
while creating the least possible waste.
Always focus a team on that important goal.
Your team can keep some of their current practices and work incrementally over
time embracing Kanban, and thereby, reducing any disruption.
Now management will like that as well.
Okay, now let's summarize this module.
The traditional and waterfall approach is sequential by
milestones and typically covers longer timeframes.
A significant weakness is the fact that time between writing the
specs and delivering software can be lengthy and you want that time
to be as small and short as possible.
I can hardly remember what I watched for TV last night,
let alone a requirement I wrote 4 months ago.
We covered some new concepts, such as building software with feature teams,
regular standups, and the notion of done rules.
That is exactly what done means and when you can move on to
the next task or pull the task forward.
Kanban delivers small batches of work and the work in progress is
limited, both of which greatly contribute to increase quality. Also
with Kanban, the customer engagement is not just up front in the
traditional spec writing approach,
but continuous throughout the feature development
and overall project development. Up next, transitioning from Scrum to Kanban. I'll see you there.